Add Authorization HTTP header check (#4)
jenkinsci/webhook-step-plugin: README.md

With the above curl example it would be `OK`. 
The log file will thus show `Webhook called with data: OK`.

> For illustration, see the [scripted pipeline example](examples/scripted_pipeline).

Reviewer: it would be great to use the example to run the JenkinsRule test for the next time. So you know that it's always up to date.

Reviewer 2: Good idea. Thanks for the suggestion.

Specifying a fixed webhook name
-------------------------------

Instead of letting the plugin generate a unique webhook ID, you can provide a name at creation. 
Like this: `hook = registerWebhook(token: "my_webhook")`.

The [declarative pipeline example](examples/declarative_pipeline) illustrates this. 

**caveat**: if several job instances use the same token, only the most recent job will trigger.

Securing the webhook with an authentication token
-------------------------------------------------
It is possible to specify a authentication token. 
This token has to be provided in the header of the webhook HTTP POST for the wait to complete.

To avoid secret leakage in the pipeline source code or logfiles, it is strongly advised to use a "secret text" credential. 
The [declarative_withAuthToken](examples/declarative_withAuthToken) example illustrates how to use a webhook step authentication token stored as a secret (`webhook_secret`).

> To tigger that webhook, the CURL command would look like: `curl -X POST -d 'OK' -H "Authorization: 123" https://localhost:8080/webhook-step/test-webhook`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To trigger that webhook, the `curl` command would look like: `curl -X POST -d 'OK' -H "Authorization: 123" <JENKINS_URL>/webhook-step/test-webhook`
```
